docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/ai-llm.mdx

---
title: AI / LLM Tooling
description: AI and LLM tooling for ENS development with ENSNode.
---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will cover AI and LLM tooling for ENSNode — including llms.txt integration, Cursor skills, and Claude Code skills for ENS development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: AI / LLM Tooling
description: AI and LLM tooling for ENS development.
---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

This page will cover AI and LLM tooling for building on ENS — including llms.txt integration, Cursor skills, and Claude Code skills for ENS development.
```
